# Global overview of the project

## Problems

I spent the two previous month to analyze the financial aspect  of my project, my conclusion is as follows:

- I check different sensors that could be an option for my project, I have selected two types of sensors: LVD and RVDT sensors. In my case the LVD sensor seems to be the most suitable. However, with further research and after talking with some professional it seems that my idea of a smart jumping bar will be complicated to execute. There are two main problems:

  - Sensors don't like shock: The shocks or vibrations associated with the horse's hoof strikes may affect the performance of the displacement sensor, especially if the sensor is located directly on the bar or in an area where shocks are frequent.
  - The environment: The sensors would be in a dusty environment, potentially humid and muddy. They could remain in these conditions for long periods and would therefore require regular maintenance to avoid any malfunction.

- It is possible to avoid these problems but this would require specific sensors able to withstand these conditions Or, by protecting them against shocks and vibrations using damping elements or physical barriers to isolate the sensor from the surrounding environment. For example, using rubber pads or installing the sensor in a sturdy casing would minimize the impact of shocks and vibrations on the performance of the sensor. This would significantly increase production costs as well as the cost for equestrian facilities that need to equip an entire stock of jumping bars and maintain the sensors. The project would quickly become out of budget.

After these observations it was necessary to review the project.

## New solution

During this period I talked with some equestrial professionals, trainers and riders to determine their need and problems and we find a new idea:

- Always relating to the horse training, The new solution will be a smart assistant that will be able to analyze the horse's trajectorie on dressage exercises or tracks, based on the various landmarks in the arena. You can find more information about the project itself in this [document](https://github.com/lauraleehollande/ALGOSUP-Moonshot-Project/blob/main/document/specification.md).
